What do you want?
Ah!
Mr. Chen said
What is your purpose in approaching me?
Do you want my life or my money?
I didn't kill you.
You're lying to me again. I'm not lying to you.
I do have my own purpose in contacting you
But... but I never meant to hurt you.
I've heard too much about that.
How could this be?
Why would my aura ruin that?
Is it the Han righteousness of self-cultivation?
Will take away my fame
Let me in!
Go let me in
I'm going in to see my precious apprentice
He is your apprentice
He is my apprentice
I also asked him to come down the mountain to find you
You've grown so big
When you were a child, your parents took you up the mountain to burn incense
Why did you say you sent him to find me?